hello mrs. girl with a shoe bomb wale
and stand and show you how to get easy
money on animal crossing let's go to the
city or some people might say animal
crossing city folk now we have to do is
change the date to the 1200 for which is
total April which will be Easter and
they'll we load them like homes laying
around when you do this and you do the
shovel and your bees Drake and then when
you open the restrike so we know to
present in it either candy or bunny foil
and skip money you want funny funny
funny foils and then what you do once
you have the body for you go to the
rubber and it says that you want a prize
or something mrs.
let's go get my shovel sorry about this
yeah I know she will ok I give them the
bunny foil and he gives you a bunny
trees second it has a like an egg chair
or eggs bears or something I'm going to
get all the room so I'm going to do is
I'm going to get all the prices and I
see you in a minute all right I because
this will take a long time ok see in a
minute hang on back and saw it took a
long time but it does take a long time
do you dude anyway so I want to show
already got a lot of money but all my
and should give me that I just got that
for any way they look
well I gather 63,000 there you go take
it easy money from you stop by the way
about the candy cannot sell or eat the
candy right save the candy and to
Halloween so all right i'm probably
going to show you how to do that that
because i haven't got enough memory at
the moment of my camera and i'll do the
videos all right I'll see you later bye